# Digital Counsellor

The unprecedented situation that has fallen upon us is taking a toll on the mental health of many people. Psychiatrists sense a rise in acute stress reaction and post traumatic symptoms among people with no history of mental illness. According to the experts, the monstrous novel coronavirus  will be   going to have gruesome psychological scars as well. In fact, the cases have already started coming up in bulks. We know very well that people having mental problems find it hard to talk about it in person. So, taking this into account we have built a mood detection analyser which will talk to a person having mental problem and would suggest some remedies to get over it. The details about the person's mental state would be documented and sent to his email with proper guidance measures.
                                                                             The system uses various techniques like speech recognitio and video analysing to document the reports. Even minor shivring,saddness and nervousness in voice is taken into account. The system would interact with the user in friendly manner analyse everything and generate the report card. 
                                                                                                                                           **Suppose a user seeks help of our bot. Then the user only needs to answer few questions in front of the video. The system would first identify the gender, generate the subjectivity score and give the details about the state of mind of the person. More the subjectivity score more is the accuracy of the system.**
